[Applause]
it's great to see you who do you now
pick your own outfits or do you have a
team that does that I'm my friend
Allison Brooks tonight she's an
incredible stylist we have a
collaboration MO I put her through her
paces we we come together and we always
heard something out do you say surprise
me I want to wear something that no one
has ever seen before because I feel like
this is something no one has ever worn
before I'm not a total surprised person
okay when it comes to what we're gonna
wear I see but I am a big surprise
person on other things
why is your beard so clean and shiny by
the way I wish I could get my beard that
clean and shiny right now I'm using this
gorgeous squalene
biosigns whale that I just put on there
then I brush with your pressures so now
it's just a beard Oilers unit gorgeous
beard oil it's a that's what I need is a
gorgeous beard oil your beer it's not as
shiny as I would like I like to keep
everything very clean we really should
just apply some on the commercial yes
will you apply some oil to my beer yeah
break okay that would be good this is a
terrible segue now but I do want to talk
about your book which is we're getting a
lot of attention for a number of reasons
but particularly you reveal in the book
that you are and have been for some time
hiv-positive that is true which is it
now is that something that you and I
decision you wrestled with before he you
decided to put that in the book yeah you
know it was I think as soon as um you
know where I came out and I realized
that it was becoming like this you know
moment I was like wow like that's fun
and then I started it started to dawn on
me pretty quickly I was like and you
know over the course of the time of
queer I coming out like we had an
administration that like you know fired
the hiv/aids Advisory Council in 2017
and has launched like a systematic
attack on Planned Parenthood which is
like the place where I had access to
testing and had it not been for Planned
Parenthood I wouldn't have known that I
was hiv-positive and I Wow yeah I I
didn't have health insurance at the time
and I I needed access to testing and so
it was I think as I've witnessed this
kind of like demonization of people who
dare to be pregnant or engage in sex
from Planned Parenthood that I was like
you know I really need to speak about
this because we have states in the
United States that have new HIV
infection rates that are really alarming
and it's so sad because it doesn't need
to be when people who are HIV positive
have access to ATR or antiretroviral
therapy we are able to achieve and
maintain an undetectable viral load and
there's been so many studies the most
recent one which was by the National
Institutes of Health led by dr. dr.
Anthony Fauci
and it followed like a lot of Sarah
discordant couples which means like
one's negative one's positive for about
ten years and not one transmission in
this study was undetectable if you keep
it low then it's not transmittable and
yes so undetectable equals on
transmittable and that has been backed
up by a lot of studies and basically
when you're HIV positive you can have
access to well you get access to this
medication and you become undetectable
and then you can really love a gorgeous
normal life like fifty to seventy-five
years but the real reason why I wanted
to talk about it in the book is that
when I was 25 and and got this I was not
I was not someone who had this platform
I did not have access financially that I
have now in the amount of hoops that I
had to jump through it was the AIDS drug
assistance program it was Ryan White
funding it was medical there was like
four five six layers of social safety
net that I had to navigate as a 25 year
old and it's it just is not appropriate
like people that are finding out that
they're HIV positive need a doctor and
they need their medication and they need
to know that they're gonna have access
to their medication forever because we
know that when people that are living
with HIV maintain their undetectable
viral load through a our teen therapy
honey we aren't contagious forever you
know it's so important that people have
access to this and then it's expensive
right this medication well it is if you
don't have insurance I mean there is the
AIDS drug Assistance Program there is
Ryan White funding there is medical
expansion programs and a lot of states
there is ways to get it but it is a huge
burden on someone to navigate that
system and if you don't have access to
these things yeah so like last month I
lost my I've misplaced my bottle of
medication and it was in New York City I
was in Philadelphia I like didn't want
to not have my pill for a night even
though I just want to say if you don't
have your pill for one night you're I
mean it's okay if you miss it every once
in a while um but I didn't want to miss
it
so I went to CVS and I have my
prescription and they're like yeah
that'll be $3,500 and whoa yeah
and so I was like what do you do and you
know at this point my life I do have
access to $3,500 without having to call
like a bunch of family members and like
freaking out Dabra was just like no and
so it was really a collection of
decisions that I that made me want to
talk about this and it was you know
scary too I didn't ever picture myself
sitting here on your couch talking about
undetectable equals untranslatable right
but you know sometimes I've been telling
a lot of people to speak truth to power
and I was like I think I have to take my
turn this matrix do that yourself yeah
yeah people know about these things
and also it's not something that it's
comfortable to ask somebody who is in
this situation it is a pry into their
personal lives but to learn that I think
is very important well yeah and I think
you know obviously it needs to be
someone who's willing to offer you this
information talk about it but you know
that was another reason why I wanted to
talk about it cuz we have to like in the
stigma around sti's and around living
with HIV we have come such a long way in
the medical community and it's
interesting because there's just no
reason with what we know in the medical
advances that we've had in the last 20
years for anyone to be contracting HIV
now especially in light of Truvada or
prep which is pre-exposure flax which is
like you can take when you're negative
and it keeps you from contracting the
HIV virus it's like 99% effectiveness so
that was one thing that I was talking to
Nancy Pelosi about which was the prep
access and coverage Act and the Equality
Act this is so interesting because in
yesterday in the middle of all that
Nancy Pelosi is working on and we know
what she's working on she writes this
week in addition to officially launching
a formal impeachment inquiry and to real
Donald Trump's abuses of power we
continue the fight to end gun violence
and met with at jvm to discuss the
Equality Act and I mean that's that's
gotta be I mean that's that's pretty
crazy yeah that's crazy but I think
what's also crazy is the lack of
attention to living with hiv/aids in
America right now so I'm very happy that
speaker Pelosi took that time to talk to
me and I think that really honey let's
talk more about it
50 Nancy Pelosi you got a call after
announcing that you endorsed Elizabeth
Warren for president she called you yeah
it was a really busy week last week I
was a really busy week but yeah I just
respect senator Warren I you know was
not the first one aboard the Warren
train but there was several just kind of
like wanting to write the book there
were several things that kind of like
nudged me towards wanting to wanting to
endorse her but I think that the the
medication thing was a piece of it but
there's also she is an educator she is a
policy expert I believe that she has a
way to be able to communicate the
necessities of what we need moving
forward so but also I should just say
that no matter who you're supporting on
the Democratic side honey I am going to
some more attempt I will campaign for
them I think everyone is burning with
his hair I would do anything for the
burn honey really good note is it like
we have to breathe honey we're gonna be
moving into a lot of endorsements honey
a lot of people are gonna be making
decisions that we may not agree with or
we may agree with honey and it's very
important to just feel that breath
coming in your nostrils feel that breath
exiting your nostrils feel both feet on
the floor you know yeah yeah we have to
breathe honey could be a good campaign
[Applause]
[Music]
does it look smart does my beard looks I
feel like it's still not as sparkly as
yours it's got some shine to it that's
turning white nice and hydrated well
thank you thank your hydrate yeah here
you are I think this is a really
interesting thing that your family owned
what was it a local television station
local newspaper yeah and it was there
some radius and their ad official in
Quincy Illinois growing up yeah what did
you like participate in the family
business um well I was always kind of
like trying to figure out how I was
gonna like triple axel triple toe loop
my way out of that family blessing but
this one fateful time right after the
like I think of the 1994 freefall
convention which used to happen every
year in my hometown until the insurance
rates got too high but we it was like
seriously thing but we the front page of
the paper came out and it you know a few
quality control things had slipped
through the cracks was 1994 things
happen and I'm this this guy was rolling
up his uh his parachute and you know
right next was parachute in the book bag
was his right testicle and so fully on
the front page um you know one exposed
you know big hairy testicles my mom woke
me up and she was like we got to get up
we got to like get out of here and so my
brothers and I and my mom and my cousins
and everyone like basically just like
divided the town up and we had to like
go clear all these papers off people's
front porch and while they were being
reprinted thun thun the in a way it was
like we did it opposite of a paperboy is
that you went and took yeah reverse
paper boy boy that was a simpler time
wasn't a minute you took a breath on
yeah yeah right
so you're on this book tour now you're
talking about the book yeah you're
talking to people who sometimes I would
imagine that people come up to you and
they have like you maybe they're
admitting things to you they're telling
you things that you had that they've not
told anyone before
definitely and what do you tell those
people when they say that to you
I really just say like I'm so grateful
that people feel secure to talk to me
about these things and you know I I
really and well if it's if it's about
something that's similar to me I'm like
who's your faster where we're gone are
we signed up or you have questions like
what it's connected that stuff yeah I'm
real practice I'm like let's get this
together and then I'm but really I think
it's been interesting because a lot of
the like media coverage from the if I
hate talking about my own work like
media coverage it still feels so
unnatural okay but a lot of the coverage
about the book was like it's like
devastating diagnosis like and a lot of
people have approached me that you know
have just read a headline like I'm so
sorry that this happened and oh yeah
it's just it's interesting that like
those like baked that's like the
devastating thing came up like so many
times I'm like well I understand like
why we have to write stories sometimes
to make people like intrigued and stuff
and there are like things like you know
devastating HIV but actually that's like
one little tiny baby line and this more
just 288 page book and really I talk
about really what this is it's like a
story of like my survival and it's a
story of like as my mom would say like
learning to like bloom where you're
planted and then like uprooting your
plot but or your pop it like not like
messing up your little roots so that you
can like move to LA and then like it
other places but hopefully by ending
stigma and really like embracing accept
it's like more people like me won't want
to escape their um little baby hometowns
and they'll have like better upbringing
is where they're not getting bullied and
then maybe we can like take the
electoral college back that way
[Music]
[Applause]
literally the way that and then
statehood birdie see statehood for
decent kindness we got a primary and
then a back-up plan if you come if you
can do those two things you can grow up
to become a very successful person with
the cleanest and shiniest beard in the
world thanks for watching and remember
every time you click the subscribe
button one of your enemies gets
destroyed